---
layout: post
title: "N9 and school"
description: "I haz one and it's back"
category: Rants
tags: [N9, School]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

So I got my new phone, at last. It's an Nokia N9, so I'm neither an Android user nor an iOS user. But I still have my good old HTC Desire Z around since I work with developing things for that strange platform.

My first impression of the N9 was "WOW!". It blew my mind! But then I realized that I couldn't uninstall Facebook and Twitter from it, but I thought that what the heck I can probably do it from the shell.

After that I started porting my Schedule viewer for the N9. Qt Creator is strange, and doesn't have emacs-bindings (aww :( ), and it likes to indent with space (DIE!).

Well nuff with the techno talk, schools back.
So I'm now starting my fourth year in the Gymnasium, third if you only count my years in the swedish system. It's quite depressing and people are constantly reminding me that I could've graduated this summer. I'm kind of depressed now days, if you put it with other words, but Sanne helps me survive the hell that is most of my time in school.

She's nice. Sanne that is. Always finding new ways to entertain me. Recently we started watching Angel, and because of that I had to try to speed-run through Buffy. That's a challenge!

Anyhoot, back to school. So for "Projektarbete" I'll code and design Basement LANs new site, and well lead the work on the development (since I don't want to go solo on a project this huge). We'll see how that works out. Maybe I'll put all the status updates here? Just to get moar traffic to this god forsaken place, muhahahah.

And now I'm bored, so I'll just go check if Org-mode is supported on my current jekyll page. Cya